Update doc content related to file mount (#1812)
wso2/docs-choreo-dev: en/developer-docs/docs/tutorials/consume-an-api-hosted-in-choreo.md

To configure the front-end application:

1. On the Choreo Console header, select the project and the created web application component.
2. In the left navigation menu, click **Deploy**.

> 3. On the **Deploy** page, go to the **Set Up** card and click **Configure & Deploy**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. On the **Deploy** page, under the **Set Up** card, click **Configure & Deploy**.
```

> 4. In the **File Mount** pane, copy the following JSON configuration into the text area and replace the placeholders with the values from earlier steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. In the **File Mount** pane, paste the following JSON configuration and replace the placeholders with values from earlier steps:
```

Author: Copy the following JSON configuration, paste it into the text area in the **File Mount pane**, and replace the placeholders with the values from the previous steps

WDYT ?

    };
    ```

    | **Field**             | **Description**                               |
    |-----------------------|-----------------------------------------------|
    | **redirectUrl**       | The web app URL you copied earlier.           |
    | **asgardeoClientId**  | The **Client ID** from the Asgardeo application. |
    | **asgardeoBaseUrl**   | The IdP API URL with your organization name (e.g., `https://api.asgardeo.io/t/<ORG_NAME>`). |
    | **choreoApiUrl**      | The **Reading List Service** URL from the endpoint table in the overview page. |
        
    !!! tip

>         You can refer to the configuration file mounted at `/app/public` as `./public/config.js` within your web application.

Reviewer: Can we simplify this to increase the clarity? 
ex:  "You can refer to the configuration file mounted as `./public/config.js` within your web application."

Do users need to know that its mounted to  `/app/public`.
